[DOCS] Add Zabbix monitoring template to community monitoring integrations (#55782)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/plugins/integrations.asciidoc

* http://sematext.com/spm/index.html[SPM for Elasticsearch]:
  Performance monitoring with live charts showing cluster and node stats, integrated
  alerts, email reports, etc.

> * https://www.zabbix.com/integrations/elasticsearch[Zabbix monitoring template]:
>   Monitor the performance and status of your elastic search nodes and cluster with Zabbix, and receive events information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://www.zabbix.com/integrations/elasticsearch[Zabbix monitoring template]:
  Monitor the performance and status of your {es} nodes and cluster with Zabbix,
  and receive events information.
```

* http://sematext.com/spm/index.html[SPM for Elasticsearch]:
  Performance monitoring with live charts showing cluster and node stats, integrated
  alerts, email reports, etc.
* https://www.zabbix.com/integrations/elasticsearch[Zabbix monitoring template]:

>   Monitor the performance and status of your {es} nodes and cluster with Zabbix,
>   and receive events information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Monitor the performance and status of your {es} nodes and cluster with Zabbix
  and receive events information.
```
